Hello and welcome to your third and last onsight question for your social network company mock interview
your problem statement is this.
Create a function that takes in a list of unsorted prices in the form of integers and the maximum possible
price value and then return a sorted list of prices.
Here's your requirement your function should be able to perform this in less than 0 and log and time
.
Also you can't use any builtin methods in Python to do this.
So again your function will take in a list of unsorted prices in the form of integers.
So for example a list containing 3 7 and 4 and a maximum possible price value.
In this case that would be 7 and then return a sorted list of prices.
So to cure this problem is that you're given a list of unsorted prices and you also know the maximum
possible price value.
How can you take advantage of that fact to return a sorted list of prices in less than 0 and log in
time.
All right this is a pretty tricky problem.
So best of luck and I'll see at the next lecture.